=pod

=head1 NAME

Yars::Client - Yet Another RESTful-Archive Service Client

=head1 VERSION

version 0.87_01

=head1 SYNOPSIS

 my $r = Yars::Client->new;

 # Put a file.
 $r->upload($filename) or die $r->errorstring;
 print $r->res->headers->location;

 # Write a file to disk.
 $r->download($filename, $md5) or die $r->errorstring;
 $r->download($filename, $md5, '/tmp');   # download it to the /tmp directory
 $r->download("http://yars/0123456890abc/filename.txt"); # Write filename.txt to current directory.

 # Get the content of a file.
 my $content = $r->get($filename,$md5);

 # Put some content to a filename.
 my $content = $r->put($filename,$content);

 # Delete a file.
 $r->remove($filename, $md5) or die $r->errorstring;

 # Find the URL of a file.
 print $r->location($filename, $md5);

 print "Server version is ".$r->status->{server_version};
 my $usage = $r->disk_usage();      # Returns usage for a single server.
 my $nother_usage = Yars::Client->new(url => "http://host1:9999")->disk_usage();
 my $status = $r->servers_status(); # return a hash of servers, disks, and their statuses

 # Mark a disk down.
 my $ok = $r->set_status({ root => "/acps/disk/one", state => "down" });
 my $ok = $r->set_status({ root => "/acps/disk/one", state => "down", host => "http://host2" });

 # Mark a disk up.
 my $ok = $r->set_status({ root => "/acps/disk/one", state => "up" });

 # Check a manifest file or list of files.
 my $details = $r->check_manifest( $filename );
 my $check = $r->check_manifest( "-c", $filename );
 my $check = $r->check_manifest( "--show_corrupt" => 1, $filename );
 my $ck = $r->check_files({ files => [
     { filename => $f1, md5 => $m1 },
     { filename => $f2, md5 => $m2 } ] });

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Client for L<Yars>.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<yarsclient>, L<Clustericious::Client>

=head1 AUTHOR

original author: Marty Brandon

current maintainer: Graham Ollis <plicease@cpan.org>

contributors:

Brian Duggan

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2013 by NASA GSFC.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

